Mon Oct 28th Group Meeting
Redo file structure
Discussed how to operate tailwind & daisyUI
Discussed breaking down tasks & how everything will come together

Assignments
Jay works on theme controller
Andrew mocks up general modal approach
Chris works on the dynamic table dashboard
  The biggest part of that would be just to make sure we store records and iterate them out onto a visual table

----

Sun Oct 27th Max - Daria - Irene
Determined & discussed general design files
Discussed authentication page approach

Friday Nov 1st -- Chloe & Whole Team
Debriefed the relational scheme
Shared PM google doc with Chloe
Reviewed general READ.ME & tech stack
Discussed MPV
  login authentication
  dashboard with CRUD operation
  modal for CRUD
  Theme Controller
Spend more time reviewing database file storing?

Monday Nov4th -- Team Point Poker
Determined user stories & epics
Assigned story points

Meeting Notes(11/08): Taken by Christo
Use of branches: Working to pull previous commits to compile previous working code

Weeks Accomplishments: 
	Irene: 
		This Week: Worked on Registration Route and Login page styling
		Next Week: Complete Registration and Login routes
	Jay: 
		This Week: Updated Theme Controller implementing DaisyUI for a theme controller icon 
		Next Week: Consistent Styling throughout application pages and focus on backend routes for other parts of app
	Max: 
		This Week: Managerial Items: Creating layout for home page and dashboard formatting, more detail and effort into SQL
		Next Week: Less managerial, more coding, assist Christo with database initialization
	Andrew: 
		This Week: Worked on home page, pulling info from modal form and inserting into table
		Next Week: Database work to insert form data
	Christo: 
		This Week: Worked on “Add New” modal form mainly front end components to store data for Andrews table
		Next Week: Finalize database within docker compose and revise SQL to solve errors, Write backend routes to insert form data to database
	Daria: 
		This Week: Worked on create and insert SQL for database 
		Next Week: Assist Christo with database stuff

Meeting Notes (11/13)
Confirmed status update on all components. Finalized general components to prepare for the branch merging tomorrow, Thursday 11/14.
	Dashboard & Modal (Andrew & Christo): CRU operations work, excluding delete. Dashboard displays primary information. Missing 5 more columns
		Next Steps: Add remaining attributes to columns. Develop input validation & mark optional attributes for records. correct the app 		due date
	Authentication, login, lab 11 testing (Irene & Jay): Proper registration & login & general unit tests
		Next steps: include a first name, last name, attributes to the registration page. load those as a name into the nav bar. password 		validation with output messages.
	Dropdown (Max & Daria): dropdown button frontend complete. Database tables complete for it.
		Next steps: buld the backend to store the data to the database to pull on. if we can, color code change the different drop downs

Meeting Notes (11/15) Whole Team with Chloe
- Everything seems assigned well
- we can also attach the user stories to the particular epics
- component circle. things look good. finalize the backend. add another big feature and your chilling. be mindful of the creativity aspect of the grade
